
Notes: 
    Currently I am having issues with dish usage and waiting food. It seems that there is never a substantial dent made in the dirty dishes
    I am assuming this is because the timing is not properly set up 
    REMEMBER: DURING RUSH IVE HAD TO DO BACK TO BACK SIDES. this would mean in the time it takes for me to finish making a chow mein, They fully went through a rice.
    Serving is quicker than paying, so maybe don't take that into accout
    too many servings for sides.
    Determin different batch sizes for different items? C1,M1,R1 vs everything else.
    Figure out teriyaki and rice 
    Think if less dishes need to be done or more time doing other things. - Rice and Teri might help with this, so maybe start there
    
    11/18 - Need to get rice cooker functionality working and need to add the rice warmer as well to help determine what rice to drop(white or basic)
            Maybe look at ways to reduce the number of objects, or put them in a seperate folder at least so its not as cluttered.
            Also look into making running it easier(less stuff in the command line). Think I did this in class, but dont remember name. 
    11/28 - finish rice cooking functionality. Make the rice cooker timer decrease every cycle. Have making a fried rice reduce the number of 
            pans in the warmer. Make a print function for the rice cooker and warmer. Also need to double check the logic for when to do dishes.
            Finish pan_out_rice function.
    11/30 - Remove the white rice aspect of the rice warmer object. I am already tracking it in the menu array, so adding in the object is redundant.
            The rice cooker will still cook both, but when the rice is done cooking it will either be added to the menu_array(White) or RiceWarmer(Basic).
            This will make tracking the servings left easier since I am already doing it for R2.
    11/31 - Make the rice cooker timer go down and finish rice warmer/cooker functionality 
    12/4  - Fix the rush mult. A few notes on the rusu mult:
            >We get a rush every hour
            >Between 11:00 - 3:00 it stays pretty constant
            >no real break between rushes until 4:30, which is when the 4:00 rush is over
            >from there it is hourly
            >don't need to take register into account - just serving line
            >takes around 20 seconds per customer - 10-30 for low and high end
            >dont really have to deal with multiple orders 
            ??? Need to figure out onlines
            >during rush we serve around 50 people every 30 mins - so 100 an hour 1.6 ish people per minute
            >generally large rush 5 mins before to 20 minutes after
            >might just have to hard code values rather than use a function of some kind.
    1/2/26 - Set up the project on github. Fixed the issue with orange constantly waiting. It was from an oversight
             on my part of assigning 0 to represent Orange Chicken and also having it represent a customer not ordering an 
             extra entree


Plan: 
    During a rush I am making sides back to back -> Lets assume that they are calling food when there are 6 servings left
    -> for M1 during a rush I am making 3s which is 36 servigns (assuming propper serving size) - > 
    this would put us at 30 servings before the next batch is called -> generally i have a little time after rice. 
    but not after M1 -> so the 21 - 6 servings of rice can be finished in less than 6 minutes during a rush -> 
    This would mean we are going through sides at roughly 15/6 servings a minute, so bassically 3 of at least just rice
    I feel like roughly the same for M1 -> go through a 3 in less than 7~8 minutes -> 30/8 = 3.~ so about 6 customers a minute at peak rush
    --> but the Orange would not be able to keep up? is the ratio off? Less Orange? 

Cool Ideas: 
    Have it take data for the food selection percentages from a CSV instead of hard coded    
    Animation for line and worker fatigue (emoji faces)
